Title: How buying works on eBay
Content: There are two ways to buy on eBay. With Buy It Now, you pay a fixed price and buy the item immediately, or you can bid on an item and try to win it for a lower price in an auction. On some listings you can also make an offer of the price you’d like to pay. 
 
undefined
 If you're having an issue with an item you've already bought, take a look at our articles below: Get help with an item that hasn't arrived Return an item for a refund Get help if you bought as a guest How eBay works On eBay, sellers create listings for their items which include the item description, photos, and payment and shipping options.Some listings are auctions where the highest bidder wins the item, while many sellers offer a Buy it now option so you can buy and pay for the item immediately.TipWhether you've bought an item straight away or you're bidding on a listing, you can keep track of all your buying activity in your  Purchase history - opens in new window or tab .Below you can find links to helpful articles around buying an item on eBay. How to buy an item on eBay How bidding works Find out how automatic bidding works, what reserve prices mean, how to win auctions, and more. Buying as a guest If you've bought an item as a guest, find out how you can track your item, return it if there's a problem, and how you can register for an eBay account. Making a Best offer On some listings, sellers accept offers. This article will guide you through how to make an offer and how to respond if the seller sends you a  counteroffer . Checkout Once you've found the item you'd like to buy, simply go to checkout to complete your purchase.  Shopping tools Your shopping cart Learn how to add items to your cart so you can continue shopping and complete your purchase later. Your Purchase history Keep track of all the items you've bought on eBay, leave feedback, and more, with your Purchase history. Your Watchlist If you've got your eye on something but you're not quite ready to commit, you can add it to your Watchlist while you make up your mind. Saved searches If you frequently search for the same types of items on eBay, you can save time by creating saved searches.  After you've bought an item Paying for items You can pay for items in different ways on eBay. This article will help you find the one that works for you and the seller. Cancel an order If you've bought an item and you've made a mistake, we can walk you through the process of canceling your order. Returns, items not received, and refunds for buyers Find out how to get a replacement or your money back if your item hasn't arrived, is damaged, doesn't match the description, or you simply changed your mind. Contact the seller Get in touch with your seller if you've had an issue with an order.  
 eBay buy it now,buy it now eBay,add buy it now,how does eBay buy it now work,buy it now for buyers,add to basket,remove item from cart

Title: Z_Placeholder for instructions
Content: Testing section Table with footnotes for ADA testing CategoryTitle 2Title 3 * - See Notes Description 1Description 2 ** - See Notes 10%BooksDVDs & MoviesMusic (except Records category)Starting price † - See Notes Notes *  Exclusions apply. **  More exclusions apply. †  Starting price is the starting price (auction-style listings) or Buy It Now price (fixed price listings) of your listing. Insertion fees Zero insertion fee listing allocations and insertion fees Store typeZero insertion fee listings allocation per month/insertion fee per listing after allocationAuction-style listings * - See Notes: Zero insertion fee listing allocations and insertion fees Fixed price listings ** - See Notes: Zero insertion fee listing allocations and insertion fees Starter100/$0.30Basic250/$0.25250/$0.25Premium500/$0.151,000/$0.10Anchor1,000/$0.1010,000/$0.05Enterprise2,500/$0.10100,000 † - See Notes: Zero insertion fee listing allocations and insertion fees /$0.05All Store typesAll listings appropriate for and listed in the Musical Instruments & Gear > Guitars & Basses category are not subject to insertion feesAll Store typesAll listings appropriate for and listed in the following categories with a starting price ‡ - See Notes: Zero insertion fee listing allocations and insertion fees  of $100 or more are not subject to insertion fees: Clothing, Shoes & Accessories > Men > Men's Shoes > Athletic Shoes Clothing, Shoes & Accessories > Women > Women's Shoes > Athletic Shoes Notes: Zero insertion fee listing allocations and insertion fees *  You can use your allocation of zero insertion fee listings for your auction-style listings in the following categories: Antiques Art Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Dolls & Bears Entertainment Memorabilia Health & Beauty Jewelry & Watches Pottery & Glass Sports Memorabilia, Fan Shop & Sports Cards Stamps Toys & Hobbies **  See our  Zero insertion fee listings  article for exclusions. †  Enterprise Store subscribers can purchase additional zero insertion fee listings for fixed price listings in add-on bundles. Bundles must be used within the calendar month of purchase: 10,000 additional zero insertion fee listings - $250.00 per month 50,000 additional zero insertion fee listings - $1,000.00 per month ‡  Starting price is the starting price (auction-style listings) or Buy It Now price (fixed price listings) of your listing, and doesn't include shipping, handling, taxes, or fees. Final value fees Starter Store subscribersCategoryFinal value fee 1 - See Notes: Final value fees for Starter Store subscribers Standard fees for most categories, including Music > Records10% (capped at $750)BooksDVDs & MoviesMusic (except Records category)12% (capped at $750)Musical Instruments & Gear > Guitars & Basses3.5% (capped at $350)Select Business & Industrial categories: Heavy Equipment, Parts & Attachments > Heavy Equipment Printing & Graphic Arts > Commercial Printing Presses Restaurant & Food Service > Food Trucks, Trailers & Carts 2% (capped at $300)Select Clothing, Shoes & Accessories categories: Men > Men's Shoes > Athletic Shoes Women > Women's Shoes > Athletic Shoes Selling price: $100 or more 2 - See Notes: Final value fees for Starter Store subscribers 0%Selling price: Less than $100 2 - See Notes: Final value fees for Starter Store subscribers 10% Notes: Final value fees for Starter Store subscribers 1  Maximum fee caps do not apply to the additional final value fees charged to sellers who are not meeting our performance expectations. 2  The selling price is the final sale price of the item, not including shipping, handling, taxes, or fees. The final value fee is charged on the total amount of the sale.

Title: Your Watchlist
Content: You can add up to 400 items to your Watchlist, so you don’t have to worry about losing track of items you’re considering buying. You’re under no obligation to buy items on your Watchlist, but keep in mind that other members can still buy the items you're watching. How to use your Watchlist Add an item: Select Add to Watchlist beneath the buying options on the listing View your Watchlist: Go to My eBay and select Watching Remove an item: Simply tick the box beside each item and select Delete. You can select and delete multiple items at once Filter your listings: Use the Sort dropdown to sort listings by most relevant, time left, price, seller ID, or date added Organize your Watchlist: By default, you’re automatically shown all active and ended listings together. You can filter your results to view active or ended listings separately by selecting the dropdown menu beside Status Go to your Watchlist - opens in new window or tab Play the video below to learn how to add items to your Watchlist: Watchlist notifications You’ll receive notifications about items on your Watchlist by default. For example, you’ll receive an alert if a listing you’re watching is ending soon. You can turn off your Watchlist email alerts by following these steps: Go to  Communication preferences - opens in new window or tab  in My eBay. Scroll down to the Buyer section and select  Edit  next to Buying activity. Unselect the checkbox beside Watch alert to no longer receive notifications. To start receiving Watchlist email alerts, select the checkbox. Select Save. If you choose to stop receiving email alerts about items you’re watching, you’ll still see notifications about your Watchlist in My eBay.Please note: If an item added to your Watchlist is ended by the seller and not relisted after 60 days, it will be removed from your list to ensure that you are shown available and up to date listings.TipYou can also add items to your Watchlist on your search results page by selecting the  heart symbol  underneath the price and shipping information.

Title: Your purchase history
Content: Purchase history is the central place to manage your orders. Simply select the More actions dropdown menu next to one of your purchases to see a list of options, including Contact seller and Return this item. Go to your purchase history - opens in new window or tab How to delete items in your purchase history You can’t permanently delete items from your purchase history, but you can hide items you've bought in the last 60 days. Here’s how: Select the More actions dropdown next to the item you’d like to hide. Choose Hide order. If you hide something by mistake, simply select Undo Hide. How to find items you bought more than 60 days ago You’ll see items you bought in the last 60 days when you go to your purchase history. To see older items you’ve bought, you can change the date range displayed.Go to See orders from at the top of your purchase history and choose the year from the dropdown. Your purchases will automatically update to reflect the year you selected.

Title: Making a Best Offer
Content: Best Offer lets you offer the seller a price you’re willing to pay for the item. The seller can accept, reject, or counter your offer by suggesting another price. 
 
 You can use Best Offer when you see the Make Offer button on a listing. The seller can accept, reject, or counter your offer. 
 
 Are you a seller looking to add a Best Offer option to your listings? Read our article on   adding Best Offer to listings Best Offer is a great way to buy the item you’ve been looking for at a bargain price. As well as saving money, you won’t have to wait for the listing to end to buy your item, if the seller accepts your offer. How to make a Best Offer You can make a Best Offer on listings that have a Make Offer button.Once you’ve found an item you want to buy that accepts Best Offers, here’s how to make your offer: Choose Make Offer. Enter your offer. If you like, you can add a message to the seller. Select Continue. On the next page, you may be asked to confirm your payment and shipping information. Select  Edit  if you need to change anything. Select Send. If you’ve added the item to your Watchlist, you can also select Make Best Offer next to the item in your Watchlist.If you’re making a Best Offer on an item that offers personalization, you can add your personalization comments in the Message field once you select Make Offer.TipWhen you make an offer or counteroffer, you’re committing to buy the item if your offer is accepted. If you entered your payment method when making your offer, you'll be charged if the seller accepts. How to find listings with Best Offer Not all listings have the option to make an offer, but you can filter your search results to find sellers who do accept offers.When you’re searching for the item you’d like to buy, you can select Accepts offers at the top of the search results to see listings with Best Offer.You can also use Advanced search to find Best Offer listings: Go to  Advanced search - opens in new window or tab . Enter your keywords. Scroll down to Buying format and select Best offer. Select Search. What happens after you make your offer The seller has until your offer expires to decide whether to accept or reject your offer. They can also suggest another price. If they don’t respond to you in that time, or if the listing ends before they respond, then your offer expires.If the seller responds, they may: Accept your offer: Just like any other sale on eBay, you’re obliged to pay the amount you offered. Immediate payment is not required when the Best Offer option is used in a listing, unless you were asked to confirm your payment method when placing your offer Reject your offer: You can still make another one (up to 3 on most items and 5 in most vehicles categories) Counter your offer: The seller may suggest another price. You can choose to accept, reject, or continue negotiating by making another offer to the seller TipYour offer only applies to the item price. Shipping costs and all the other terms specified in the seller’s listing remain the same. Retracting a Best Offer When you make a Best Offer or a counteroffer, you're agreeing to buy the item at that price if the seller accepts. However, if you've made a mistake when making an offer or a counteroffer, you can retract or cancel it in certain circumstances.You can retract an offer if: There are 12 hours or more left before the listing ends You placed your most recent offer less than an hour ago You won’t be able to retract your offer if: The listing ends in less than 12 hours and it's been more than an hour since you placed your most recent offer The seller has already accepted or declined your offer, or sent you a counteroffer You’ve already made 5 offers in a specific category If you’re using the eBay desktop site, here’s how to retract a Best Offer or a counteroffer if it meets the requirements above: Go to Bids/Offers in  My eBay - opens in new window or tab . Find the offer you’d like to retract. Select Review offer, then select Retract offer. You can also retract your offer on the item page by selecting Review offer and then Retract offer. If you’re using a mobile browser or the eBay app, go to the  Best Offer cancellation form - opens in new window or tab  to retract your offer. Tips for making offers When you’ve got your eye on something and have a certain price in mind, you can increase your chances of the seller accepting your offer by having a Best Offer strategy. Here are some tips for making offers: Be reasonable: Sellers who accept offers are flexible on price and generally take fair offers seriously Add a message for the seller: A friendly, personal message could help you get the item at the price you want. Look for the Add message to seller option when you’re entering your offer Check the item’s original listing date: If it’s been listed for a long time, the seller might be more flexible on the price Use your Best Offers wisely: We limit the number of Best Offers you can make on each item, we'll let you know when you're using your last one. Expired, rejected, and retracted offers all count toward this limit Responding to an offer from a seller If you watch an item or add it to your cart, the seller can send you a special offer for that item. If you receive an offer, you’ll get an email and a message in  My eBay - opens in new window or tab . If you select Review offer in this message, you can review and respond to the offer.If you'd like to accept the offer, select Accept offer and proceed to checkout to complete your purchase. If you’re not interested in the offer, select Decline offer.You can also make a counteroffer if you'd like to negotiate a better price. Here's how: Select Make a counteroffer. Add your amount (this doesn’t include shipping). If you like, you can add a message for the seller. Select Review, then select Send. The seller can then accept your counteroffer, decline it, or send you a counteroffer. You can send a maximum of 4 counteroffers to the seller. Find out more in our article on  counteroffers .Each offer is valid for 24 hours or until an offer is accepted, whichever comes first. With a single item listing, the first buyer to accept the offer gets the item. With a multiple quantity listing, buyers can continue to avail of the offer until all items in the listing are sold or the offer expires. 
 eBay Best Offer,Best Offer eBay,eBay Best Offers,How does Best Offer work on eBay?,How does eBay Best Offer work?,eBay make a Best Offer,Retract Best Offer,Cancel Best Offer,Best Offer eBay strategy,Best Offer eBay tips

Title: How to use search
Content: Find exactly what you’re looking for and keep track of items once you’ve found them with our range of search tools. 
 
undefined
 Whether you're browsing, looking for a specific item, or trying to track down a seller you bought from in the past, we have tools to help.The quickest way to search on eBay is by using our search bar at the top of most pages. Type in what you're looking for, hit Search, and we'll find the items that best match your search. Searching and filtering results Here's an overview of the different ways you can search on eBay and how to keep track of items once you've found them.You can use the filters on the left-hand side of the search results page to help narrow down your search results – by item specifics (such as brand, colour and size), item condition (new, used, etc.), buying format (auction, Buy It Now, accepts offers), whether the seller accepts returns, and much more.You can also filter for particular delivery options: To find items with free shipping, scroll down to the Shipping options filters and select Free shipping To find items located in the US, scroll down to the Item location filters and select US Only Related articles on search Advanced search Find a specific item, category, or eBay Store quickly and easily by using Advanced search. Saved searches  If you regularly search for the same types of items on eBay, save time by creating saved searches. Your Watchlist Find out how to use your Watchlist to keep track of up to 300 items that you're interested in but aren't quite ready to bid on or buy. How listings are ranked in search results When you search for an item on eBay, the listings in your search results are ranked by our Best Match algorithm. The algorithm is designed to show you the listings that most closely match what you're looking for.Listings are ranked based on a variety of factors, including: how closely the listing matches your search terms how popular the item is the price of the item your browsing history the item's location Other factors such as the seller's track record on eBay, how complete the listing is, and the number of listings matching your query, are also taken into account. Promoted listings that match your search query and interests will also appear higher in search results.Search results will also be influenced by any filters you've selected, or if you choose to sort listings in a particular order, for example lowest price first.We regularly update our Best Match algorithm to improve the search experience and this may occasionally have an impact on how listings are ranked. 
 eBay search,eBay searches,eBay searching

Title: Your recently viewed items 
Content: You'll need to sign in to your account to see your recently viewed items. If you weren’t signed in when you were browsing eBay, the listings you viewed won’t appear in your recently viewed items. How to find your recently viewed items You can find your recently viewed items in the following places on eBay: Go to  My eBay  in the top right-hand corner and select Recently viewed  Select  Your Recently Viewed Items  on the  homepage - opens in new window or tab Under Your Recently Viewed Items on the left-hand side of the search results page If you’re looking for the listing of an item you were interested in but can’t find it in your recently viewed items, have a look at our article about  finding a listing .TipIf you’re thinking about buying an item, you can add it to your  Watchlist  so it’s easier to find. How to delete your recently viewed items You won’t be able to delete individual items from your recently viewed items, but you can clear all items you’ve viewed.To do this, go to  Recently viewed - opens in new window or tab  and select Clear all.

Title: Shipping and delivery for buyers
Content: There are a number of shipping and delivery options available on eBay, from tracked international shipping to picking up an item in your own neighborhood. 
 
undefined
 Are you a seller who needs help with shipping? Read our article on  shipping for sellers You'll find the delivery details for an item, such as shipping charges and the estimated delivery date, in the Shipping and payments section of the listing. You'll also see this information when you add an item to your cart and at checkout. After you’ve completed checkout, you’ll see the cost of shipping and an estimated delivery date in your order confirmation email.Bought an item and want to check when it should arrive? Track your item  Our guides below will help answer any questions you might have about shipping on eBay. Help with shipping after you’ve bought your item Tracking your item Learn how to track your item all the way to your doorstep. Get help with an item that hasn’t arrived Find out what to do if your item hasn’t arrived by the estimated delivery date. Changing your shipping address after a purchase Find out what to do if you need to change the address your item is being shipped to. Saving through combined shipping Save money by combining shipping when you buy more than one item from the same seller. Shipping rates and delivery options Expected delivery dates for buyers Find out when you can expect your item to arrive, and get information on free shipping. Shipping rates for buyers Learn about shipping and packaging rates on eBay. Buying with local pickup Discover how to find, collect and pay for items that are available to pick up in your local area. International purchases and shipping for buyers Everything you need to know about buying from international sellers and the benefits of eBay International Shipping and the Global Shipping Program. 
 eBay postage,eBay shipping,eBay delivery,eBay posting,buyer asked to change shipping address,cancel postage,cancel shipping,change delivery address,change shipping address,does ebay do overnight shipping,expedited shipping,how to ship items,how to ship items on,next day shipping,postage,same day shipping,shipping,shipping items,shipping paypal

Title: Your shopping cart
Content: You can save fixed-price items you'd like to buy by adding them to your shopping cart while you continue shopping. When you're ready, you can check out and pay for multiple items in one go. 
 
 You'll see  Add to cart  beneath the Buy It Now button on any fixed-price listing. 
 
 You’re under no obligation to buy items you’ve added to your shopping cart, but keep in mind that items in your cart can still be bought by other members until you’ve completed checkout. How to add an item to your cart To add an item to your  shopping cart - opens in new window or tab,  select Add to cart beneath the Buy It Now button on any fixed-price listing.To view the items you've previously placed in your cart, select the cart icon at the top right-hand corner of the eBay screen. You can then select Go to checkout, or continue shopping.TipListings for vehicles, auction-style listings without a Buy It Now option, and Classified Ad listings can’t be added to the shopping cart. Paying for items in your cart Generally, you can pay for all of the items in your cart together, even if they're from different sellers, by selecting Go to checkout.If you'd rather pay one seller at a time, select Pay only this seller.There are a few situations where you'll have to check out separately: If the seller hasn’t specified shipping costs for your location, select Message to seller on the checkout page to ask them for shipping options If the seller hasn't specified rules for combining shipping costs on multiple items, select Request total on the cart page If you're buying from different sellers and they don't all accept the same payment method, or you're buying items listed in different currencies, you'll have to make separate payments How to remove an item from your cart If you're no longer interested in an item in your cart, select Remove next to the item. You also have the option to Save for later if you'd still like to keep track of the item.Saved items can be viewed further down the shopping cart page, and you can add them back to your cart by selecting Add back to cart. If an item disappears from your cart There are a number of reasons why an item could be automatically removed from your cart. For example: Someone else may have purchased the item The seller or eBay may have ended the listing early, or it naturally expired If the item was listed in an auction-style format with a Buy It Now option, someone else may have placed a bid You may have added the item to your cart on a different eBay site The seller may have changed their buyer requirements Customizing your item before you place it in your cart In some categories, sellers might offer personalization of their item. To enter your desired personalization, just fill in the free text field that's located directly above the Buy It Now button. 
 eBay add to cart,remove item from cart eBay,add to cart

Title: Advanced search
Content: With advanced search you can apply filters including price range, item condition, or listing format, to your search results to find exactly what you’re after. How to use advanced search Advanced search lets you narrow down your results, whether you’re looking for an item or a store.Here’s how it works: Select Advanced next to the search bar. Select an option from Items, Stores or eBay Motors. Choose the filters you’d like to apply by ticking the boxes or entering your keywords. Select Search. You can refine your search even further by selecting extra filters on the search results page.TipYou can find advanced search next to the main search button on most eBay pages. When to use advanced search Advanced search is ideal when you want to: Make a last-minute offer on listings that are ending soon Find a listing using the item number Look for items near your address to cut down on delivery times Check out listings from your favorite sellers

